# tensorflow-sentiment-analysis
A simple and effective sentiment analysis project using Tensorflow


Dataset
-------
Amazon Reviews sentiment analysis dataset, available at Kaggle, [here](https://www.kaggle.com/bittlingmayer/amazonreviews).

Results
-------
**84.78%** accuracy on the test data.

Usage
-----
1. Run preprocess.py on the train and test data.
2. Run model.py on the train data, then on the test data.

**Preprocessing**:

See command line arguments at the main-comment of preprocess.py.
Note that for test, a third argument should be added, specifying the words.txt file generated for the training data.


**Run the model**:

Command line arguments:
1. either "train" or "test", for train/test respectively.
2. "words.txt" file path (generated when pre-processing the training data).
3. The "restricted" file, generated by preprocess.
4. A "save.ckpt" file path, to be generated (enter "some_folder/save.ckpt", where "some_folder" is an empty folder).
The "save.ckpt" file should be the same for train and test (the test uses the files generated for training).

Algorithm
---------
Basically, the algorithm is applying two RNNs, one for the review-headers, and the other for the review-contents.
The final state of each RNN is converted to a single number, by inner-product of the state and a weight vector.
The two numbers (of the two RNNs) are weighted-summed, into a single number. A sigmoid is applied on the result.

Only the most common 10,000 words are used.
That is, words that are not in the most common 10,000 words are deleted from the reviews (both from the header and the contents).
